The game is intended for 2-4 players

The goal of the game is to score 15 or more points (the game ends when one of the players gets the required number of
points - however, players who started the game after the player who scored the required number of points have the
option to finish the round. Then, based on the number of points, the player with the most points wins).

Points are earned for buying a hero (3 points) and cards (each card has a certain number of points).

There are 6 different colors of coins on the table (the gold color is equivalent to a coin of any color) and 12 cards
(4 cards from each group in 5 colors - without the gold color). The color of the card is the same as the color of the
coin. The number of coins placed depends on the number of players.

Each player can have a maximum of 10 coins and any number of cards and heroes.

Each player in a single move can take 3 different coins from the table among 5 colors (no gold color can be selected,
a gold coin is charged only when booking the card), as long as the given coins are available. The player takes fewer
number of coins if there are fewer coins of different colors on the table or when the player has 10 coins when
collecting coins

Another option is for the player to collect 2 coins of the same color at once, but the number of coins on the table
of a given color must be at least 4 and the player cannot have more than 8 coins.

The third option is to buy a card - each card has the appropriate cost, number of colors required to buy it. We buy
a card with coins and cards (the sum of colors counts). When a player buys a given card, it is permanently assigned
to him, the player never loses it. When buying a card, the number of cards of a given color is considered first, if
it is not enough, then the coins of the appropriate color are checked, if there are too few of these, it is checked
whether the player has enough gold coins to compensate for the difference.
If the card chosen by the player has been bought, it is sent to him permanently, and the used coins are returned
to the table. In place of the taken card, a new card from a given group appears (until the cards from a given group
are reset)

The fourth option is to buy a hero - to buy a hero, you need to have the appropriate number of cards (each hero has
the required number of cards of the appropriate color, after buying a hero, the player does not lose any cards)

Another option is to book a card - the player can reserve a selected card which he can buy later, but he doesn't
have to. A card reserved by a player is not usable until the player purchases it. When booking a card, the player
receives 1 gold coin if it is on the table. A player can reserve a maximum of 3 cards. A reserved card goes to the
section reserved for a given player and a new card from the appropriate group appears on the table instead.

The last option is to buy a reserved card - if the player has the opportunity, i.e. acquires the appropriate number
of colors required to buy the card, he can buy it at any time and the card is permanently given to the player.